Flam3

I have done IFS apps in the past, but never quite like this.
What makes Flam3 special is it's collection of algorithms.

Please visit:
http://flam3.com/
https://github.com/tariqksoliman/Fractal-Inferno

IFS = Iterated Function System.
1 Start with a blank screen, and a single randommly positioned point.
2 Randommly select one of the functions,
  and run the point's coordinates through it.
  The result becomes the new point position.
3 Draw that point on the screen.
4 goto back to step 2 thousands of times..

All the slider boxes work the same way:
* Press and hold to either side of center to affect
  parameter(s) in specified direction and speed.
* Double Tap to toggle Fast versus Slow editing.
  (Red vs Green background color)
* Triple tap to reset parameter(s).

Note: Single tap on any widget to give it the FOCUS.
      It will gain a red colored border.
      Click and drag on the image to apply the movement to the widget.
      The widgets' Fast vs Slow edit style affects the movements.

Note: Pinch the image for zoom.
Note: Double tap the image to show/hide the widgets.

There are three widget Groups, and each group has three functions.
The image above shows just one Group (all three work the same way).

A. Active
   Toggles whether this group of functions participate in the drawing.

B. (W)eight   (read about weighted random selection below)
   The weight of this group when deciding which group to select a function from.

C. Color
   All points produced by this function will be drawn in this color.
   Tap this button to launch the color picker dialog.

D. Functions
   Each Group manages three functions.
   Tap a name to launch the function selection dialog.

E. Parameters for each function
   (W)eight     weight of this function when deciding which function to select.

   These following controls alter the point position after each itertion of the render:
   (T)ranslate  point position is moved X/Y by the amount specified here.
   (S)cale      point distance from center is scaled X/Y by the amount specified here.
   (R)otate     position point is rotated around center by the amount specified here.

F. Launch the Save / Load dialog.

----------------
Weighted Random Selection
The three groups each have a weight that is used when
deciding which group to select.

Let's say for example the weights are  1,3,6.
The total of the weights is 10, and so a random number from 1 to 10 is chosen.
If "1"     is chosen then group1 is picked.  (chosen <= group1 weight)
If "2..4"  is chosen then group2 is picked.  (chosen <= group1+group2 weight)
otherwise, group3 is picked ( "5..10")
So, group1 is selected 10% of the time, group2 30%, and group3 60%.

Let's say for example the weights are  4,0,3.
group1 is selected 57% of the time (4 divided by 7)
group2 is never selected
group3 is selected 43% of the time (3 divided by 7)

Within a Group, the three functions battle it out the same way every iteration.

